
According to the work of Leo Benesa entitled "What is Philippine about Philippine Art", who is the most Filipino painter ever based by critcs?
a.)√ Hernando Ruiz Ocampo b.) Jose Garcia Villa c.) Ramon Valera d.) Alice Reyes

What is the tagline of the DOT for promoting Philippines to the tourists?
a.) Wonderful Philippines b.) Amazing Philippines c.)√ It's more fun in the Philippines d.) Philippines Truly Asia

===== The Contemporary Arts =====

It is a painting style in which the artist applies paint in a manner that expresses emotions and feeling in a spontaneous way
a.) Kinetic Art b.)√ Abstreact Expressionim c.) Op Art d.) Performance Art

It uses lines or images repeatedly to create an optical illusion 
a.) Kinetic Art b.) Abstreact Expressionim c.)√ Op Art d.) Performance Art 

It is a sculpture that moves with the wind or with the help of a machine or electricity
a.)√ Kinetic Art b.) Abstreact Expressionim c.) Op Art d.) Performance Art

Consist of a variety of media and human body to execute an artistic theatrical expression before a live audience
a.) Kinetic Art b.) Abstreact Expressionim c.) Op Art d.)√ Performance Art

It is a drawing, inscription or sketch done hastily on a wall of other surface made to be seen by the public
a.)√ Graffiti Art b.) Postmodern Art c.) Video Art d.) Body Art

It is an art form that uses body as the medium or main material
a.) Graffiti Art b.) Postmodern Art c.) Video Art d.)√ Body Art

It carries modern styles to extreme practices, often expressing an idea through a mix of materials such as found objects welded together.
a.) Graffiti Art b.)√ Postmodern Art c.) Video Art d.) Body Art

It consists of images that are recorded through a video and viewed through television, computer or projection screen.
a.) Graffiti Art b.) Postmodern Art c.)√ Video Art d.) Body Art

Involves artistic creation and manipulation of space such as landscape or architectural design that may enclose its audience.
a.) Performance Art b.)√ Environment Art c.) Postmodern Art d.) Body Art

It is a production of a rapid succession of images in a motion picture to illustrate an association of ideas
a.) Trapunto b.) Decoupage c.)√ Montage d.) Decalcomania

It is piece of art made by sticking various materials such as photographs and pieces of paper or fabric onto a backing
a.)Fronttage b.) Montage c.)√ Collage d.) Decoupage

The technique of creaqting a design by rubbing over an object placed underneath the paper
a.)√Fronttage b.) Montage c.)√ Collage d.) Decoupage

The art if decorating surfaces by applying cutouts and then coating with usually several layers of finish
a.)Fronttage b.) Montage c.) Collage d.)√ Decoupage

===== National Artists of the Philippines =====
One of the National Artists of the Philippines is Juan F. Nakpil. In what kind of art he is known for?
a.) Visual Arts b.) Fashion Design c.) Literature d.)√ Architecture

Born in Binondo, Manila, he pioneered modern Philippine architecture tat emphasizes function before elegance and the maximum use of natural light and cross ventilation in his design
a.) Ramon Valera b.) Nich Joaquin c.) Carlos Quirino d.) Pablo Antonio

Bendicto Cabrera born from Malabon and has been noted as the best-selling painting of his generation of Filipino. At what work is he famous for?
a.)√ Sabel b.) Genesis c.) Pieta d.) Man and Carabao

Who made the architecture of the Meralco Building?
a.)√ Jose Maria Zaragoza b.) Juan Nakpil c.) Leandro Locsin d.) Pablo Antonio

Born in Buting, Pasig and was acknowledged as the "King of Komiks" and "Dean of Filipino Illustrators".
a.) Victorio Edades b.) Guillermo Tolentino c.)√ Francisco Coching d.) Cesar Legazpi

Known as the "Father of Modern Philippine Painting" who grew up in Barrio Bolosan, Dagupan, Pangasinan.
a.)√ Victorio Edades b.) Gullermo Tolentino c.) Napoleon Abueva d.) Cesar Legazpi

A pioneer "Neo-Realist" of the country, he is remembered for refining cubism in the Philippine context.
a.)√ Victorio Edades b.) Gullermo Tolentino c.) Napoleon Abueva d.)√ Cesar Legazpi

He is hailed as the "Father of Philippine Arts." His famous works include the Bonifacio Monument in Caloocan, and the UP Oblation in Diliman, Quezon City.
a.)Victorio Edades b.)√ Gullermo Tolentino c.) Napoleon Abueva d.)√ Cesar Legazpi

He believes that "the function of the writer is to act as the conscience of society and to affirm the greatness of the human spirit in the face of inequity and oppression"
a.) Carlos P. Romulo b.) Lazaro Francisco c.)√ Amado V. Hernandez d.) Virgilio S. Almario

She was known as the "Mother of Philippine Folk Dancing " that made a research on the unrecorded forms of local cultures in her 1926 thesis named "Philippine Folk Dances and Games" 
a.) Alice Reyes b.)√ Francisca Reyes Aquino c.)Lucrecia Reyes-Urtula d.) Leonor Orosa-Goquingo

Leonor Orosa-Goquingco came fron Jolo, Sulu and was known for several choreographies like "VINTA!" that she was dubbed as several times except:
a.) Trailblazer b.) Mother of Philippine Theather Dance c.) Dean of Filipino Performing Arts Critics d.)√ Mother of Folk Dancing

He is popular for his contributions such as the lullaby "Sa Ugoy ng Duyan" which he made in collaboration with Levi Celerio.
a.)√ Lucio San Pedro b.) Francisco Feliciano c.) Jovita Fuentes d.) Lino Brocka

===== Contemporary Arts in the Philippines 2 =====
What is the other name for Bahay Kubo? 
a.) Torogan b.) Tapis c.)√ Kamalig d.) Darangan

The following choices are the materials used to build Ivatan Houses except:
a.) limestone b.)√ bamboo c.) cogon d.) wood

The term literally means "a place for sleeping". It is a stately house for the elite members of the Maranao tribe in Mindanao.
a.)√ Torogan b.) Tapis c.)Kamalig d.) Darangan

It is a traditional boat made by Badjao and Moros living in Sulu, Zamboanga, and southern Mindanao.
a.)√ Vinta b.) Torogan c.) Hinabol d.) Wooden Banca

A small wooden boat used for transport in daily activites by people near the coast.
a.)√ Vinta b.) Torogan c.) Hinabol d.)√ Wooden Banca

It is used to embellish parts of a building or object
a.) Literature b.) Carving c.) Performing Art d.)√ Ornament

Refers to the traditional oral literature of various ethnic groups of the country
a.)√ Literature b.) Carving c.) Performing Art d.) Ornament

===== Different Contemporary Art Techniques and Performance Practices =====
It is the most popular surface used for 2d artwork
a.) Canvas b.)√ Paper c.) Charcoal d.) Wood

It is a firm closely woven cloth usually of linen
a.)√ Canvas b.) Paper c.) Charcoal d.) Wood

Known as hardboard that offers a more rigid surface that results in less cracking in the paint
a.) Canvas b.) Paper c.) Charcoal d.)√ Wood

An organic drawing material made from burnt wood
a.) Canvas b.) Paper c.)√ Charcoal d.) Wood

It is a hardwood found in abundance in the Philippines.
a.)√ Acacia b.) Ipil c.) Kamagong d.) Molave

A medium-size tree that is classified as a hardwood. It is also resistant to fungal, termite and bettle atacks
a.) Acacia b.) Ipil c.) Kamagong d.)√ Molave

It is a fast-growing hardwood that grows up to six(6) meters high that has a shiny black-brown colored wood.
a.) Acacia b.) √ Ipil c.) Kamagong d.) Molave

It is a powdery substance made with calcite lime and clay
a.) Stone b.) Clay c.)√ Cement d.) Glass

An earthly material that is composed of minerals rich in aluminum, silica, and water.
a.) Stone b.)√ Clay c.) Cement d.) Glass

Hard brittle substance that is transparent and translucent.
a.) Stone b.) Clay c.) Cement d.)√ Glass

This kind of sculpture was created when a soft or malleable material is built using an armature and then shaped to create a form.
a.) Carving b.) Casting c.) Assembling d.)√ Modeling

It is a process of gathering and putting together different materials including funds objects to create an assembled sculpture.
a.) Carving b.) Casting c.)√ Assembling d.) Modeling

It involve cutting or chipping away a shape from a mass of stone, wood, or other hard material
a.)√ Carving b.) Casting c.) Assembling d.) Modeling

Made through a material that is poured and hardened in a mold
a.) Carving b.)√ Casting c.) Assembling d.) Modeling

====== Traditional Techniques to Contemporary Art Creations ======
This creation represents a fowl with wings, feathered tail and a head decorated with ornaments of scrolled and painted motif of leaf, spirals and feather-like forms
a.)√ Sarimanok b.) Hagabi c.) Okir d.) Kut-kut

A woden chair of Ifugao, which symbolizes his status as a citizen in their community.
a.) Sarimanok b.)√ Hagabi c.) Okir d.) Kut-kut

Made by the Itneg people. Which features design that incorporate optical illusions woven fabrics of the Gadanag people usually bright red tones.
a.)Ngiwi b.)Okir c.)√ Binakol d.)Sgraffito

Originated from the southern region of Mindanao, it is a popular dance showcasing the story of a prince and a princess in the forest.
a.)Tinikling b.)Cariñosa c.)Maglalatik d.)√ Singkil

The dance involves two people beating, tapping, and sliding bamboo poles on the ground and against each other in coordination with one or more dancers who step over and in between the poles in a dance.
a.)√ Tinikling b.)Cariñosa c.)Maglalatik d.)Singkil

====== Contemporary Art Production ======
An artistic work or practice that uses digital technology as an essential part of the creative or presentation process.
a.) Land-art b.)√ Digital Arts c.) Mixed-Media d.) Printmaking

Refers to artwork in the making of which of more than one medium has been employed.
a.) Land-art b.) Digital Arts c.)√ Mixed-Media d.) Printmaking

It is the process of making artworks by painting, normally in the paper
a.) Land-art b.) Digital Arts c.) Mixed-Media d.)√ Printmaking

Refers to the feel or tactile quality of the surface of an object.
a.)√ Texture b.) Color c.) Value d.) Space and Movement

It exists as an "illusion" in the graphic arts, but in sculpture and architecture, it is present.
a.) Texture b.) Color c.) Value d.)√ Space and Movement

It is the tonal relationship between light and dark areas in the painting.
a.) Texture b.) Color c.)√ Value d.) Space and Movement

It is the aspect of any object that may be described in terms of hue, lightness and saturation.
a.) Texture b.)√ Color c.) Value d.) Space and Movement









